https://jobs.lever.co/teller/dd21975a-901b-49ee-926c-336c92f8673d
Teller logo
Elixir Product Engineer
LONDON OR MIAMI /ENGINEERING – PRODUCT ENGINEERING /FULL TIME/ ON-SITE
About Teller
Teller builds APIs that enable developers to safely and reliably connect their apps with their users' financial accounts. We have a reputation for quality product and engineering excellence, and despite being relatively early stage we have some of the best fintechs in the world like Ramp, Brex, Pipe, and Capchase depending on our product.

Teller is backed by leading Silicon Valley investors such as Founders Fund, SciFi, Craft, and Lightspeed Venture Partners.

The Product Engineer Role
Product Engineers are responsible for everything from building the dashboards, onboarding flows, and billing through to building the API itself and implementing new bank integrations alongside the Reverse Engineers on the Teller Red Team.
About you
You thrive in environments that afford you with high levels of responsibility and autonomy.
You hold yourself and those you work with to high standards.
You want to fulfil your potential to its fullest, grow as a developer and as a person to be the best you that you can be.
You don’t look for excuses for why something can’t be done, you are the person who finds the way it can be done.
If a skill that you don’t possess is required to complete a task you’re the kind of person who goes off and learns enough to get it done.
You behave like an owner. You take total responsibility for what you work on and think of the bigger picture like a product manager would.
You are results oriented and have a strong distaste for shaving yaks.
You are a persuasive communicator. You are both succinct and direct. You are clear about what you are doing, why, and what you expect of others.
You have strong opinions, weakly held, and the humility to change your mind according to the evidence as it presents itself.
You have experience of shipping production applications written in Elixir or Erlang.
How to apply
If Teller sounds interesting to you, please click the "Apply for this job" button below and fill out our short application form. We reply to every well considered application as quickly as we can.

Competitive salary depending on experience and skillset, plus stock options.
Teller Home Page

Jobs powered byLever logo
