https://apply.workable.com/smartlogic/j/A57C1DD2C8/
SmartLogic
Software Developer
Baltimore, Maryland, United StatesFull time

OVERVIEW
APPLICATION
Description
We are seeking a Software Developer with a successful track record in the planning, implementation, testing, and maintenance of custom software using Ruby on Rails and/or Phoenix/Elixir.

SmartLogic is an experienced and growing custom software development consultancy successfully serving clients since 2005. We are deeply committed to our team, our clients, and the communities where we work. Some of our recent company initiatives include , , our , and the . We look forward to reviewing your application and starting a conversation about a fulfilling career with SmartLogic.

Our typical projects last anywhere from one month to several months. A few of our clients have worked with us continuously since 2010. Our clients range from large nonprofits to startups to local governments to small/medium businesses: check out our for more information on our work.

As a Software Developer at SmartLogic, we work to minimize context switching so you can focus on writing great software. We accomplish this by working to ensure our developers are assigned to one client assignment at a time, though occasionally you may be assigned to more than one project.

Responsibilities
Write concise, maintainable, and well-tested code using Ruby on Rails and/or Phoenix/Elixir
Work collaboratively with a team of project managers, product designers, and developers for 40 hours per week
Collaborate on project management to ensure satisfied clients and happy developers
As a consultancy, our staff record and submit time on a weekly basis
Contribute to the technical improvement and success of SmartLogic’s software development and expertise
Participate in ongoing professional development to continually hone engineering skill
Requirements
Professional experience in Ruby on Rails and/or Phoenix/Elixir, and a motivation to learn and improve your software development capabilities related to these technologies
Experience communicating with clients and translating technical issues to non-technical stakeholders
Prior professional experience demonstrating your ability to be a team player and to proactively communicate your needs
Experience decomposing client requirements into actionable implementation
Proficiency or an interest in Flutter for mobile app development
Comfort with participating in agile ceremonies such as standups, grooming sessions, and sprint reviews
Benefits
The SmartLogic career map outlines three levels of software developer and how a developer progresses from one level to the next. The salary bands for the three levels are as follows:

Junior Developer: $60,000 to $90,000
Mid Developer: $85,000 to $115,000
Senior Developer: $110,000 to $140,000
This position is fully remote and you may work from anywhere in the United States. We offer health, dental, and vision insurance, unlimited PTO, unlimited sick leave, paid parental leave and a 3% matching SIMPLE IRA program.

New employees are allowed a one-time $500 home office set-up allowance. Additionally, every employee is offered $600 annually towards work-from-home expenses.

SmartLogic is committed to professional development and community involvement. We provide ample opportunity for learning through dedicated professional development days, participation in conferences (we took our whole team to ElixirConf in 2022), and company-supplied access to books and other resources. We organize events, meetups, and invest in our local and online communities.

As a remote-first organization, we work intentionally to build a supportive culture in a virtual environment. We do this through various means, including Side Project Club, Coffee Chat, a weekly all-hands meeting, various slack channels (e.g. for #food, #fitness, #family, #mindfulness, #books, and more), doling out virtual tacos, monthly women+ coffee chats, virtual happy hours, and more.

SmartLogic is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor.

No phone calls or unsolicited emails, please. We do not work with recruiters or placement agencies. All interested applicants should apply directly through .

View website
View all jobs
Help
Accessibility
Powered byWorkable
