https://hacera.bamboohr.com/jobs/view.php?id=24
MiPasa was built out of the want to help; Help folk work with a myriad of unstructured COVID-19 data, that was published all around the world, in different formats, languages and with various update frequencies. In addition to the data aggregation, MiPasa enables collaborative research and development, by allowing the coding, modelling, analyzing, publishing and sharing insights globally.

How we work:

We are an autonomous, self-organised agile team of developers. Currently a small team but that does not mean we take shortcuts. We have a strict code review process; Code will not go into production unless another member of the team has Okey-ed it.
We are a fully remote team, the team has many years of experience working remotely, well before Covid made that the norm.
Small feature-driven - Fast feedback is key to everything we do. We are constantly thinking about breaking down large deliveries into smaller (simpler) pieces that we can release to production and get feedback from our users as quickly as possible.
Technology is key to everything we do - Everyone in the company knows this; most importantly the CEO and Head of Engineering. With whom you will have constant contact.
What do we run on - our stack?

Mainly use the PETAL stack (Phoenix, Elixir, Tailwind, Alpine.js and LiveView).
There are times where a front end makes more sense. For those times we use React.
GitLab for CI/CD (Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment) for production and testing environments.
We are always looking for ways to streamline and increase feedback loops to work smarter. Do you have an idea? We would love to hear what it is! MiPasa was built out of the want to help; Help folk work with a myriad of unstructured COVID-19 data, that was published all around the world, in different formats, languages and with various update frequencies. In addition to the data aggregation, MiPasa enables collaborative research and development, by allowing the coding, modelling, analyzing, publishing and sharing insights globally.
What we are looking for in you:

The easiest way to describe this is to talk about what our developers do:

Our main tech stack is the PETAL stack (Phoenix, Elixir, Tailwind, Alpine.js and LiveView).
Build/work with React for intensive client-side components (thus far it's 100% LiveView).
Work closely with the Head of Engineering, CEO and BA's to define tech tasks from business requirements.
Provide realistic estimates for said tasks.
Ability to communicate risk areas with regards to the goals we are trying to achieve.
Ability to work autonomously to deliver said tasks.
Ability to write relevant tests, be it unit/integration etc.
Work with other developers on the team to learn or teach.
Who you are:

You love producing elegant software solutions to solve real user problems.
You pride yourself in being able to jump into existing codebases and are able to clean/refactor and extend them.
You care about the whole development process; from how to write clear, well tested, concise code to how it is deployed and monitored in production. The opposite of “well it works on my computer”.
You have experience with Elixir and its ecosystem.
You have experience with developing full-stack applications.
You have worked on an agile team and have an understanding of SCRUM.
You are eager to learn.
You are eager to teach.
Requirements:

You have experience Elixir and its ecosystem.
You have experience with full-stack application development.
You have lead teams and technical discussions.
You are able to communicate progress to tech and non-tech team members.
We offer:

Fully remote - work from anywhere.
Training & Development
Performance Bonus
Competitive salary
