https://careers.checkpoint.com/index.php?m=cpcareers&a=show&joborderid=18025&source=104&mode=clearFree Demo!
Contact Us
Support Center
Sign In
Blog
SEARCH
GEO MENU
PRODUCTS
SOLUTIONS
SUPPORT & SERVICES
PARTNERS
RESOURCES
Check Point Software Technologies Ltd.
Careers Home / All Open Positions / Elixir Software Engineer
Elixir Software Engineer
United States: Irving TX, Miami FL, Atlanta GA, Reston VA, Minneapolis MN, Chicago IL, Raleigh NC, Cleveland OH

Operations | Full Time | Job Id: 18025 Experienced

Your Team
As the world’s leading vendor of Cyber Security, facing the most sophisticated threats and attacks, we’ve assembled a global team of the most driven, creative, and innovative people. At Check Point, our employees are redefining the security landscape by meeting our customers’ real-time needs and providing our cutting-edge technologies and services to an ever-growing customer base.

Check Point Software Technologies has been recognized by Forbes as one of the World’s Best Places to Work three years in a row (2020, 2021, 2022), ranking among the top 50 companies across the globe in the IT category. Check Point has also been named to Forbes’ list of World’s Top Female-Friendly Companies. If you want to make the world a safer place and join an award-winning company culture – you belong with us.

Your Impact & Responsibilities
Performing design, development, review, testing and maintenance of our web applications serving customers and internal teams.
Designing and developing secure APIs.
Developing back-end functions to support website applications
Ensuring cross-platform optimization for mobile phones
Ensuring responsiveness of applications.
Promote secure, scalable and high quality coding practices.
You will also be responsible for:

Collaborating with the team to ensure features align with organizational goals and customer needs.
Designing user interactions on web pages.
Working alongside graphic designers for web design features.
Seeing through a project from conception to finished product.
Staying abreast of developments in web applications and programming languages.
Follow all best practices and procedures as established by the company
Your Knowledge & Skills
2+ years of proven professional experience building Web Application using Elixir and Phoenix Framework.
Proficiency in front-end technologies like Javascript, CSS, HTML5 etc.
Basic design ability: Including knowledge of UI/UX practices and basic prototype design
Experience working with APIs.
Excellent writing and communication skills, ability to collaborate with the team to design and build high quality code, while demonstrating a high degree of autonomy and ownership.
Ability to manage the complete software development process from conception to deployment.
Additional Desired traits:

Must be able to demonstrate a portfolio of previous web development work.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills.
Ability to adapt with changing technologies in a startup-like environment.
Proficiency in git.
Ability to visualize a proposed system and be able to build it
Must be eligible to work in the US without sponsorship from an employer now or in the future
EOE M/F/Veterans/Disabled

Apply for this Position

Basic information
Next: Education

- Required

First Name _
Last Name _
Email _
Phone _
(201) 555-0123
Location (City) \*

LinkedIn Profile URL
Gender _
Male
Female
Prefer not to answer
Resume/CV _
Attach Resume
Next
Share this job

Career Site
Explore Opportunities
Who We Are?
Check Point in Numbers
Students & Entry-level Opportunities
Recruitment Process
FAQ
Life At Check Point
Benefits
Follow Us  
YOU DESERVE THE BEST SECURITY™
©1994-2023 Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved.
Copyright | Privacy Policy
