https://www.scoremediaandgaming.com/jobs/?gh_jid=4795225004
Senior Software Developer, Casino
(View all jobs)
Hoboken, NJ
theScore, a wholly-owned subsidiary of PENN Entertainment , empowers millions of sports fans through its digital media and sports betting products. Its media app ‘theScore’ is one of the most popular in North America, delivering fans highly personalized live scores, news, stats, and betting information from their favorite teams, leagues, and players. theScore’s sports betting app ‘theScore Bet Sportsbook & Casino’ delivers an immersive and holistic mobile sports betting and iCasino experience. theScore Bet is currently live in the Company's home province of Ontario. theScore also creates and distributes innovative digital content through its web, social and esports platforms.

About the Role & Team

The Casino Engagement team develops features for user facing online digital casino experiences. Our goal is to enhance the user experience tailored around online casino including (but not limited to) ease of use, easily accessible information, and best UX practices. Come join a high impact team working together to build a best in class online casino product!

About the Work

Working with our preferred technology stack (Primarily Elixir/Phoenix, LiveView).
Develop, scale, and optimize amazing GraphQL & RESTful APIs.
Design and build foundational components that improve the reliability and scalability of our backend services.
Solve technical problems of the highest scope and complexity.
Strives to reduce technical debt, while communicating with teammates about any larger refactor.
Be part of our backend service teams supporting web and mobile clients.
Participate in the design, architecture, and delivery of new features in a collaborative agile/scrum environment.
Collaborate with the team to define and improve our internal style guide, maintainability and best practices.
Provide mentorship for all of our developers.
Other duties as required.

About You

A solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, distributed systems, algorithms and software design.
Passionate about clean code architecture and software craftsmanship.
Experience with modern web framework and API development (Phoenix).
Experience with Git and GitHub or similar.
A strong grasp and experience with relational databases; including PostgreSQL.
Experience with background job processing.
Comfortable working in the terminal.
Proficiency within an editor of your choice.
Experience with testing frameworks such as ExUnit, RSpec, Jest, pytest or equivalent.
Experience working with profiling tools.
Knowledge and familiarity with caching strategies and tools.
Consuming and integrating with third party APIs.
NICE TO HAVE: Experience with Kafka, Kubernetes, building GraphQL APIs (Absinthe),hexagonal architecture, Domain Driven Development, functional programming and desire to contribute to open source software, experience working at startups, passion for sports and/or esports.
What We Offer

Competitive compensation package.
Education and conference reimbursements.
Parental leave top up.
Opportunities for career progression and mentoring others.https://www.scoremediaandgaming.com/jobs/?gh_jid=4795225004
