https://boards.greenhouse.io/podium81/jobs/1963974
Software Engineer, Full-Stack
at Podium (View all jobs)
Remote, US
Podium exists to help local businesses win. Using Podium, local businesses can simplify the way they communicate with their customers—from collecting payments to facilitating online reviews to launching marketing campaigns, and much more.

Our work and focus on helping local businesses thrive has been recognized across the industry, including Forbes’ Next Billion Dollar Startups, Forbes’ Cloud 100, the Inc. 5000, and Fast Company’s World’s Most Innovative Companies.

We look for people who are curious, creative and are willing to do the work to be a little better every day. We also embody our company values in all that we do, which always starts with being Customer Obsessed, followed by Be a Founder, Zero Drama, and Enjoy the Ride. Does that sound like you?

At Podium, we are looking for a Full-Stack Engineer that can help build out new features and directly impact the future of our Product from the UI to database. Our frontend stack is React with our back end in Elixir and PostgreSQL. We are looking for highly self-driven people who are creative problem solvers that learn quickly and can thrive in an environment with little guidance.

What you should have:

2+ years working as a full-stack developer
Strong algorithms, data structures, and coding background
Disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance
Experience with web infrastructure and distributed systems
Experience with Frontend, Backend, Machine Learning, or Full Stack experience in a work setting or academic setting.
Evidence of exposure to architectural patterns of a large, high-scale web application (e.g., well-designed APIs, high volume data pipelines, efficient algorithms)
What we hope you have:

3+ years of professional experience as a backend engineer on an Agile development team, in a hyper-growth SaaS setting
Experience working with component libraries and/or building a component library from the ground up.
The passion to mentor your peers and be a problem solver
Strong experience with algorithms, data structures, and code
Disciplined approach to testing and quality assurance
Experience with web infrastructure and distributed systems
Experience with Phoenix and/or Postgres
Full-stack experience and the ability to think through a solution all the way through the tech stack
BENEFITS

Open and transparent culture - Checkout this video to see what it’s like to work at Podium
Life insurance, long and short-term disability coverage
Paid maternity and paternity leave
Fertility Benefits
Generous vacation time, plus three 4-day summer holiday weekends
Excellent medical, dental, and vision benefits
401k Plan
Bi-annual swag drops with cool Podium gear and apparel
A stellar HQ (Utah) gym with local professional coaches and classes offered
Onsite HQ (Utah) child care center, subsidized for employees
Additional benefits for fully remote employees
Podium is an equal opportunity employer. Podium provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, genetic information, marital status or veteran status.
