https://jobs.lever.co/simplebet/685e4faa-ae0f-476d-a83f-8b7f15530745
Senior Software Engineer, Elixir
NEW YORK, NY /ENGINEERING – ENGINEERING /FULL TIME/ HYBRID
Our mission is to power the future of fan engagement.

Simplebet is a B2B sports technology company that uses machine learning and real-time solutions to make every moment of every sporting event a betting opportunity. We’re reimagining how people enjoy sports with products that are simple, intuitive, and entertaining. Our technology powers micro-betting capabilities of the leading operators around the globe.

Simplebet is looking for a backend developer with Elixir experience to join our growing engineering team. In this role, you will help the team grow our suite of product offerings in a new and challenging domain. Our products must be resilient and fast while able to handle large spikes in traffic with ease. The team leverages a collection of tools and frameworks like Elixir, LiveView, RabbitMQ, Kafka, and websockets to ship innovative and evolving solutions.

You will be joining a small, cohesive team with more than a decade combined of production experience with Elixir at scale. Several engineers are core contributors to many Erlang/Elixir ecosystem projects; open source is valued and supported at Simplebet. We iterate to produce the best solution, deliver measurable customer value to production every day, and look for opportunities to continually learn and grow.
Requirements
Proven knowledge of functional programming, data structures, and algorithms
5+ years of experience shipping and operating software in production
B.S. or B.A. in Computer Science, Math or equivalent experience
Ability to breakdown complex product requirements into deliverable tasks
Drive critical path towards completing major company initiatives
Mentor and train engineers across the engineering team
Experience with Elixir or Erlang and OTP
Ability to overlap 6+ hours with East Coast and Mountain time work hours
Experience building data-intensive applications is a bonus
Knowledge of distributed systems principles is a bonus
We'll trust you to
Collaborate with a team of talented product analysts, engineers, and designers to build world-class sports entertainment products
Implement new features and services using Elixir, Phoenix, and RabbitMQ
Write code iteratively with observability, performance, and stability in mind
Shepherd code through to production using our CI/CD platform and observability tools
Use an appropriate mix of unit, property, and manual testing to verify your code meets requirements and is bug-free
Be proactive, ask questions, and ensure understanding of requirements
Think before writing code and ask for help when you need it
What we offer
Competitive salary, vacation, and equity commensurate to experience
Health, dental, and vision insurance
401k match
Opportunities and encouragement to attend or speak at conferences, as well as contribute to open source in the BEAM ecosystem
Ability to shape the future of fan engagement
Start salary is $160k
Simplebet provides unique, innovative solutions in the explosively growing Sports Gaming industry. Join a fun, strong team as we lead the industry in new directions and gain valuable experience producing solutions to meet new challenges.

Simplebet is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.

We are committed to providing access, equal opportunity and reasonable accommodation for individuals with disabilities in employment, its services, programs, and activities. Please let us know if you require reasonable accommodation for the interview process, and we will make every effort to provide it.
