https://jobs.lever.co/ianulytalentaccelerators/83691d40-8dda-4828-8300-5d67eccf67fc

What You'll Do:
Enjoy workin with our head of backend engineering in our SoHo offices 2 days a week.
This is a hybrid position in the SoHo office. Salary is 140-160k plus equity.
Unfortunately we are not able to offer visa sponsorship at this time.
Design, test, deploy and maintain backend services, APIs and core components of our distributed systems
Conduct system designs and code reviews.
Collaborate with other engineering teams to elevate technology and consistently apply best practices.
Constantly evaluate and improve our systems' efficiency, scalability, and stability.
About You:
Enjoy working with our team in the NYC Soho office
Comfortable with a base salary between 150-175k plus equity
Experience scaling customer facing services, from PoC to production
4+ years as a backend engineer (any language) OR
2+ years as a backend developer (Elixir)
Experience deploying software to the cloud
Familiarity with databases, caches, message queues, etc
Good problem-solving, analytical thinking capabilities, and exceptional attention to detail.
Ability to write robust, highly efficient, reliable code
Nice To Have (Not Required)
Elixir
Phoenix
GraphQl
Auth0
DataDog
Postgresql
FFmpeg
Docker
OpenTelemetry
What We Can Offer:
Employee healthcare which includes eyecare via Blue Cross Blue Shield (99% covered by company - due to NY law) - 50% of the premium covered by the company for family coverage; optional HSA available
Commuter benefit program
Flexible WFH
Long term disability base amount covered by company
$10k term life insurance covered by the company
Optional: various additional heavily discounted insurance programs (AD&D, STD, Term life, etc.)
Our vc backed company is looking for a Backend Engineer to join the content revolution with an innovative and rapidly expanding company in the interactive entertainment industry. They are creating a touchable and interactive media content platform that users can engage in without any plug ins or applications, all native to your web or phone browser for a frictionless experience. The interactive video engine they are developing uses the most accurate and fast AI vision models to replicate emotional responses that can only be induced in real life.

We seek a Backend Engineer who has worked on the B2C side of a large social media platform ( like TikTok, Snap, Instagram etc). This engineer will scale the existing backend capabilities. Candidates must have at least 4 years of professional backend experience.

IANULY Talent Accelerators partners with equal opportunity employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, gender identity or expression, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations, and ordinances.
