https://angel.co/jobs?ref=onboarding&job_listing_id=2227770
About the job
About Us
Humanly seamlessly brings together people and AI through conversation. Our chat technology screens and schedules candidates for companies with high applicant volume, while our conversation intelligence engine ensures those candidates receive a quality, equitable interview. We empower companies to present their best selves, improving the candidate experience and helping remove bias from the hiring process.

As a Y-Combinator (W20) graduate with robust seed funding, we’re excited to bring on new team members who are energized by an entrepreneurial, fast-paced environment with fantastic growth potential. You’ll have a chance to work with an extremely talented group of folks who challenge each other and are focused on making a big impact.

We are fully remote and offer flexible working hours, though employees are expected to attend company meetings in the Pacific Standard time zone.

Job Summary
Humanly is looking for full stack software engineers with a back-end focus, who bring a diverse set of ideas and a versatile skill set. We need those with great leadership qualities that can manage project priorities in a collaborative and cross-functional environment, and can use their technical expertise to think innovatively and deliver high quality software end-to-end.

As a senior member of our engineering team you will design, develop, test, deploy, and maintain all of Humanly. You will work primarily on the back-end of our web applications with some occasional front-end, touching every component in the web development stack.

What we use
Elixir (with Phoenix), PostgreSQL, Kubernetes, Elm, Git

_Who You Are _

Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
At least 5 years experience in software development with one or more programming languages.
At least 2 years of experience launching software products from conception to production.
Strong knowledge of data structures and algorithms.
Strong software architecture and design skills.
Self-motivated, independent, and detail oriented, with excellent teamwork and interpersonal skills.
Experience with relational databases.
Nice-to-have: _ Experience with Elixir, Elm or other functional programming languages. _ Experience with HTML/CSS.
Responsibilities

Design, development, testing, and maintenance of production software applications (70/30 back-end).
Participate in and/or lead engineering team meetings and design reviews.
Review code from other developers to ensure consistent use of best practices, such as style, accuracy, testability and efficiency.
Collaborate with the entire Humanly team to continuously improve our products, services, and process.
What We Offer

Competitive compensation + equity
Health Insurance Program
401(k) program to help you plan for your future while you help build Humanly's
Flexible vacation and personal time off
Remote-first
Mission-driven company, helping improve the hiring experience for candidates and hiring teams alike
Monthly recognition program with raffle prizes
Company wide, annual meet ups
An inclusive, friendly culture where your colleagues are also your friends
How to apply
You can apply directly through our wonderful application.

At Humanly, we are working towards improving the candidate and hiring team experience and helping remove bias from the hiring process. We are committed to creating an inclusive work environment while developing products that allow our customers to do the same. Humanly is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
