https://fromcommunity.com/jobs/145

fromcommunity.com
Explore Other Jobs
Sign up
Login
Jobs
->
Full-Stack Engineer
Full-Stack Engineer
CoLife
CoLife
Charleston , SC • Posted 8 days ago

Work Experience
5+ Years

Skills
Elixir
Phoenix
Liveview
React
JavaScript
CSS
HTML

Location
Remote
Job Type
Full Time
Full Job Description
CoLife makes housing safe, easy, and affordable by matching homeowners with renters based on mutual values and interests. In the last 50 years, home sizes have nearly doubled and we are building only half as many homes. While housing prices have skyrocketed, many people still live alone and isolation is now considered America’s most significant health risk. CoLife provides a valuable way to create a human connection and share the cost of housing.
CoLife (LetsCoLife.com) is looking to hire a full-stack developer, preferably with experience in Elixir, Phoenix, Liveview and React. This person will report to CoLife's CTO and work with other company leaders.
CoLife has recently closed its pre-seed round and joined SF based venture studio founded by an ex-Sequoia partner who has invested in six unicorns and is one of the founders of one of those unicorns.

What you'll do

Work directly with our CTO and other leaders
Work in Elixir, Phoenix, LiveView, and React
Write new code and features
Assist with key technical decisions
This is a remote position, team time is US Eastern (GMT -5)

Who you are

5+ years of development experience
Preferred experience with Elixir, Phoenix, and React
Have the desire to work in a small, agile, scrappy, and fun team
Excellent communicator in English
Self-motivated to do excellent work
Comfortable working in a remote environment

-This is a remote position -Competitive salary commensurate with experience -Stock options in CoLife -Opportunity to join a fast-growing startup and help shape and establish the company culture. -Competitive health benefits

easy applyFull Name _
Enter Full Name
Email _
Your Email Address

Documents
.doc, .docx, .pdf

Upload CV \*
Rory_Fahy.pdf
LinkedIn Profile (Optional)

LinkedIn Profile URL
Github Profile (Optional)

Github Profile URL
Apply Now

Share this job
Copy Link

Get Early Invite
Copyright © 2023 fromCommunity. All Rights Reserved.

Quick Links
Home
Hire from Communities
Best Profiles
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
