https://careers.pagerduty.com/jobs/db1fee1e-5510-45a8-84ac-9c3f31daab7e
Diversity & Inclusion
Blog
See all jobs
My Profile
JOIN TALENT NETWORK
How we contact you: Please note that our Talent Acquisition team will only send emails directly from @pagerduty.com email addresses. We do not request sensitive personal information via email. Please carefully examine any email addresses purporting to represent PagerDuty. If you have any doubts or receive an unusual request, please reach out to recruiting@pagerduty.com to verify.

Senior Software Engineer - Platform
United States
Senior Software Engineer - Platform
United States
Software Engineers

Why We Need You

As a Senior Software Engineer in Platform, you’ll help lead PagerDuty through a highly strategic transformation from a pure product to a platform. PagerDuty is transitioning from a set of products to a platform that consists of a set of configurable, flexible building blocks that can be leveraged to manage a variety of real-time work and real-time workflows. With that, we are increasing our engagement with partners integrating other tools with PagerDuty, consultants building bespoke solutions, and customers customizing the platform and creating deeper integrations to fit specific environments and specific workflows. Come help us kick off the new Platform group, which will consist of a new set of product development teams who are building the building blocks of the new PagerDuty Platform.

Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to help our customers better manage a variety of different types of real-time urgent work, not just in Software and IT Operations, but in a variety of other functions across the landscape of Digital Operations. In this role, you’ll play a key technical leadership role across several development teams working to define and build a set of platform building blocks to manage real-time work and real-time workflows. The Platform team is working closely with other product development teams internally who will leverage these building blocks to build new products. We’re also working closely with customers and partners to better understand their needs as it comes to platform flexibility and customizability; our larger, more sophisticated customers, in particular, are asking for a high level of customizability in terms of how they manage real-time work (such as alerts, incidents, post-mortems, security events, etc).

Key Responsibilities
Think long term and partner with our Co-Founder and Platform GM and our peers in product management to build out a long term vision for the PagerDuty Platform.
Design and architect the set of flexible platform building blocks that will become the PagerDuty Platform.
Work backward from our multi-year vision and create a plan for the PagerDuty Platform that we can execute in multiple phases and that will deliver value to customers not just in the long term, but also in the medium and short term.
Create and implement a plan that will evolve our existing architecture, micro-services, and larger services into this new platform design, over the course of multiple milestones. To use a tried and true analogy, this will be like replacing the engine of the plane while mid-flight.
Collaborate closely across many different product development teams to validate and pressure test our new platform architecture, design, APIs, and user experience.
Be a coach and mentor to engineers of all experience levels. You’ve been a technical leader and really enjoy mentoring and leading projects and driving technical excellence within the team.
Skills and Attributes
You have extensive experience re-architecting a complex product and breaking a monolith up into multiple services / micro-services. You know the best practices of undertaking such initiatives as well as the pitfalls to avoid (and have the scars to prove it).
You are empathetic - you can clearly communicate your thoughts and opinions to others and facilitate these technical discussions to a successful outcome.
You do good work and lots of it; the drive to deliver is just a part of you.
You have excellent communication and collaboration skills.
You can prioritize and execute multiple tasks in a highly dynamic environment with a results-oriented mindset.
Minimum Requirements
You have 8+ years designing, developing, and managing customer-facing SaaS applications and web-based systems.
You have strong experience in designing and building REST APIs.
Experience in some or all of the following: Elixir, Ruby on Rails, Kafka, React.
Experience with agile (scrum, kanban, lean) delivery methodologies.
Public cloud engineering on AWS (preferred), Azure, or GCP platforms.
Preferred Qualifications
You’ve played a key role or contributing role on architecting or building a developer platform.

The base salary range for this position is 155,000 - 235,000 USD. This role may also be eligible for bonus, commission, equity, and benefits.

Our base salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. The range, which is subject to change based on primary work location, reflects the minimum and maximum base salary we expect to pay newly hired employees for the position. Within the range, we determine pay for an individual based on a number of factors including market location, job-related knowledge, skills/competencies and experience.

Your recruiter can share more about the specific offerings for this role, as well as the salary range for your primary work location during the hiring process.

PagerDuty is a global company focused on inclusion and employee well-being by building a culture that isn’t location specific and gives equal opportunity to everyone—regardless of where you are working.

As a Dutonian, you can expect competitive pay and benefits; structured learning, development, and advancement; immersion in our award-winning company culture; and exceptional colleagues. PagerDuty currently has offices in Atlanta, Lisbon, London, San Francisco, Sydney, Tokyo, and Toronto, with remote opportunities in those countries and Chile. We offer a hybrid, flexible workplace, while also providing ample opportunities for connection in-person and virtually with your fellow Dutonians.

Not sure if you qualify?

Apply anyway! We extend opportunities to a broad array of candidates, including those with diverse workplace experiences and backgrounds. Whether you're new to the corporate world, returning to work after a gap in employment, or simply looking to transition or take the next step in your career path, we are excited to connect with you.

PagerDuty Offers

One way we ensure our employees are inspired to do their best is through a comprehensive total rewards approach that supports them and their loved ones. As a global organization, our programs are competitive with industry standards and aligned with local laws and regulations.

Your package may include:

Competitive salary and company equity
Comprehensive benefits package from day one
Flexible work arrangements
ESPP (Employee Stock Purchase Program)
Retirement or pension plan
Paid parental leave - up to 22 weeks for pregnant parent, up to 12 weeks for non-pregnant parent (some countries have longer leave standards and we comply with local laws)
Generous paid vacation time
Paid holidays and sick leave
Paid volunteer time off - 20 hours per year
Bi-annual company-wide hack weeks
Mental wellness programs
Dutonian Wellness Days & Midyear Wellness Week - scheduled company-wide paid days off in addition to PTO and scheduled holidays
HibernationDuty - a week each year when everyone at PagerDuty, with the exception of a small, coverage crew, is asked to take a much needed break to truly disconnect and recharge
About PagerDuty

PagerDuty, Inc. (NYSE:PD) is a leader in digital operations management. In an always-on world, organizations of all sizes trust PagerDuty to help them deliver a better digital experience to their customers, every time. Teams use PagerDuty to identify issues and opportunities in real time and bring together the right people to fix problems faster and prevent them in the future. Notable customers include Cisco, Genentech, Electronic Arts, Cox Automotive, Shopify, Zoom, DoorDash and more.

Led by CEO Jennifer Tejada, 50% of our board of directors is comprised of women, 45% of our managers are from underrepresented groups, and we are a proud member of the Pledge 1% Movement, committed to donating 1% Equity, 1% Employee time, and 1% Product to accelerate change in our communities.

PagerDuty is Great Place to Work-certified™, a Fortune Best Place to Work for Women, and a top rated product on TrustRadius and G2.

Go behind-the-scenes @pagerdutylife on Instagram.

Additional Information
PagerDuty is committed to creating a diverse environment and is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. PagerDuty provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information.
PagerDuty is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities in our job application process. Should you require accommodation, please email accommodation@pagerduty.com and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs.
PagerDuty uses the E-Verify employment verification program
APPLY NOW

Sign Up for a Job Alert
First Name (required)
First Name
Last Name (required)
Last Name
Email (required)
Email
Job Alert
CategoriesCategories
Software Engineers
LocationsLocations
United States
Other Recommended Jobs
Senior Software Engineer - Ingestion Team (Remote Oportunity)
Lisbon, Portugal Software Engineers
Product Manager (Salesforce)
United States IT
Product Manager (Salesforce)
Canada IT
Senior Software Engineer - Platform
Lisbon, Portugal Software Engineers
Senior Software Engineer - Platform
Canada Software Engineers
Senior Internal Auditor - IT
Lisbon, Portugal Internal Audit
Apply Now
First Name (required)
First Name
Last Name (required)
Last Name
Email (required)
Email
Check this box to sign up for job alerts

© 2023 PagerDuty, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy | Website Terms of Use | California Privacy Notice | Modern Slavery Act
Please choose the location(s)

Hear from Dutonians!

Hear from Dutonians!
Tell us about your PagerDuty story. by Francisco
